I was in the military for 13 years, women didn't used to belong to combat regiments.
I was the first to obtain the rank of sergeant in my regiment.
I lived the army 24 and 7.
The clothes I wore, the people I associated with, everything was military.
Being in a man's field is very intimidating.
I felt I had to work twice as hard, be twice as fast, and be twice as good.
So I became more and more aggressive in order to accomplish the missions that were given to me.
I let the pressure to perform affect me in negative ways.
I did not feel anything.
I used more profanity, I drank more heavily, I smoked more.
It wasn't the quality of the life that I wanted.
I felt that my life wasn't going anywhere, and there was a knock on the front door.
It was very surprising to learn from the scriptures that I could draw close to God.
But the witnesses, they explained things in a way that it made sense,
and I could verify all of it myself.
I didn't understand what they meant by, God could love you.
The witnesses showed me how to look in the Bible, and find out what the Bible said about it all.
It gave me a desire to keep going, and things started to get a lot better.
When I put down my rifle, and I picked up a Bible, those around me,
they didn't understand it at all.
It's worth everything just to show someone that they can be loved.
Just to watch that change is fabulous.
It's only with a lot of prayer and meditation that I was able to change my personality.
Jehovah guides me.
If you put your anxiety on him,
he will give you that peace.
My husband is my joy.
He's showing me the patience and the loving kindness
that Jehovah wants families to experience.
The members of my congregation are my family.
They are my brothers and sisters.
I now have a huge worldwide family.
We have a lovely, lovely congregation.
And to be able to laugh and joke, and to talk about Jehovah,
it's wonderful.
When I was in the military,
I became a very dark and uncaring person.
Jehovah has taught me how to beat my sword into a plowshare.
He taught me that I didn't need to learn war anymore.